docs: initial `resource` docs (#58687)
angular/angular: adev/src/content/guide/signals/resource.md

### Aborting requests

A resource aborts an outstanding request if the `request` computation changes while the resource is loading.

You can use the `abortSignal` in `ResourceLoaderParams` to respond to aborted requests. For example, the native `fetch` function accepts an `AbortSignal`:

```typescript
const userId: Signal<string> = getUserId();

const userResource = resource({
  request: () => ({id: userId()}),
  loader: ({request, abortSignal}): Promise<User> => {
    // fetch cancels any outstanding HTTP requests when the given `AbortSignal`
    // indicates that the request has been aborted.
    return fetch(`users/${request.id}`, {signal: abortSignal});
  },
});
```

See [`AbortSignal` on MDN](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/AbortSignal) for more details on request cancellation with `AbortSignal`.

### Reloading

You can programmatically trigger a resource's `loader` by calling the `reload` method.

```typescript
const userId: Signal<string> = getUserId();

const userResource = resource({
  request: () => ({id: userId()}),
  loader: ({request}) => fetchUser(request),
});

// ...

userResource.reload();

> ```

Reviewer: @alxhub one thing I wasn't sure about— do we want to give any advice here on circumstances under which it makes sense to manually reload the resource?

### `undefined` requests

> A request value of `undefined` prevents the resource from running its loader, and will put the resource into an `Idle` state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A request value of `undefined` prevents the resource from running its loader and puts the resource into an `Idle` state.
```
